Fixes #22956: Inventory variable doc is wrong about evaluation process (#990)
Normation/rudder-doc: src/reference/modules/usage/pages/variables.adoc

====

> These variables' values are computed at policy generation, base don node inventory values: they may not represent current reality of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These variables' values are computed at policy generation, based on node inventory values: they may not represent current reality of the node.
```
